Cortel Group Nord West Condos



The Nord Condo is a new condo project which is developed by “Cortel Group” which was currently in pre-construction and is expected to get completed by 2019. It is well designed and well-planned for a mixed-use community. It is located at the heart of the Expo city in Vaughan’s new downtown center. The size of these Condos at Expo city ranges from 618 to 903 sq.ft. The architect of this Nord Condo is “AJ Tregebov and the interior is made by ‘Tomas Pearce Interior Design Consulting Inc”. The “Impact North Advertising + Design” is the Marketing Company of this project. For updates & for additional details get connected to the official website http://nordsidevip.ca/


Structural Units of Nord Condos Project:

This high-rise building has a mix of one bedroom, one bedroom plus den, two bedrooms and two bedrooms plus den units which range varies in dimensions around 500sq.ft. This Nord West Condo contains about 37 storeys.  Nord Condos Price List begins with a low range of $400,000. The concept is to have layouts featuring 9 ft ceilings with high-quality finishing and also with granite & ceramic tiles. The kitchen will be thought to inspire chef and it will be fully furnished with stainless steel appliances and also other options for designing.

This Nord Condos are composed of east and west towers which introduces underground parking and a collection of well-designed amenities. It also has a gym, multi-purpose room, a comfortable sitting area and a multi-functioning kitchen as well as dining areas. It includes some exclusive schools, cafes, restaurants, parks, walking trails, etc.

Convenient For Transportation:

As it is located at the crossroads of highway 7 and 400 within the downtown of Vaughan it is very convenient for transportation.
Newly anticipated TTC Subway Station is adding new value to the city which makes our traveling very comfort.
Here also exists a GO Transit as well as Vivanext Bus Rapid Transit Station which makes it possible to reach Toronto’s core in less than 45 minutes.
The drivers, as well as the motorists, may feel smooth while entering into highways such as highways 7, highways 400, highways 407 and other major arteries.
Buildings Near-by Nord West Condos:
Amenities such as Vaughan Mills Outlet Mall and Canada Wonderlands are very nearer to this condo.
Schools which are currently nearby these condos are Father Bresani Catholic High School, St. John Bosco Catholic Elementary School and the Blue Willow Public.
It also provides universities for college students. Some of them are York University which we can reach in just 7 minutes and other Universities can also be accessed.
This condominium is expected to have homes for about 25000 people, 12000 residential units and it will employ up to 11500 people that include 5000 new office jobs. As it has so much of facilities it will be in demand in the future and it is also well known many people already started booking this Nord Condominiums. Now it's your turn to book such wonderful condos and have a delicious life with Nord West Condos. Also for more information about this Nord West Condos get updated with our website.

Nord Condos
2916 Hwy 7,
Concord, ON L4K 1W8