Express Condos Toronto - Explore The Opportunity



2.8 Acres of land along Tippet Road at the Wilson Heights neighbourhood shall house the upcoming Express Condos Toronto that is currently in its first phase while phase two shall see two mixed use towers scaling the heights of 16 and 13 stories high on completion. A total of 651 units shall be made available between the two Express Condos Toronto Projects. Express Condominiums, a part of the initiative taken by Tippet Road Regeneration Study to make efficient use of underutilized land with the aim of building an urban area at locations with municipal foundation and transportation availability.

Discover home in a house at Express Condos Toronto

Express Condominiums shall be constructed atop a 6 storey U-shaped podium. Housing options offered shall include 39 bedroom dwellings, 39 three bedroom apartments, 100 two bedroom units, 279 one plus dens, 135 one bedroom suites and 21 bachelor pads leaving you with a comprehensive variety of ownership to choose from. Open concept design, sweeping balconies, and expansive windows among other features, shall be installed into each unit. The Express Condos Project will give rise to transubstantiation of an already diverse community with its offered housing and retail options with a vast share of work and retail opportunities to fulfill all your desires. Amenities, being of utmost importance, comprise of an ultramodern lobby with a 24hour concierge at your disposal, courtyards for a relaxing leisure experience and an underground parking facility that will accommodate 560 vehicles with 483 spots reserved for residents and 77 spaces nonresidential and visitors to make use of. Bicycle slots will come in handy with 490 proposed spaces - 442 being long term while the rest labeled short term zones. Canada's topmost destinations for one stop luxury shopping is just one subway stop away - Yorkdale Shopping Center. It showcases 350 shops and restaurants and 1.7 million sq ft of retail space for you to explore. Another major scenic attraction minutes away from Express Condos is Downsview Park, calling attention to its ponds, quaint trails, community gardens and "The Hangar" - a 485,000 sq ft sports facility with both indoor and outdoor fields. There’s surprises for everyone just waiting to be discovered.

North York has a new address that could be yours

Malibu Investments alongside RAW Design have meticulously created this architectural beauty. With a walk score of 53/100 and Transit Score of 94/100, this ideally located marvel by Express Condo Development is conveniently positioned with luxuries at every corner. Shops, restaurants and many other retail offerings are flaunted at the Yorkdale Mall which is just a few minutes away, guaranteeing you an experience worth availing. Beautiful Parks adorn the nearby area with Baycrest Park, Conlands Parkette and Woburn Park all stationed within a comfortable distance. Get to any location with motor able Highways 401, 400 and Allen Road connecting you to other major arterial roadways, allowing you to travel around the city and beyond. The emerging prime location has an interfusion of persons from various age groups and it's perfectly welcoming ambiance creates a friendly. Grab this opportunity that is perfect and viable for investors and homebuyers. Experience living you would love to call home at Express Condos.


