Live life at its peak with Chelsea Green Condos

33 Gerrard Street West has a new attraction that could be home to the house of your dreams. At 88 storeys high, Chelsea Green Projects, a mixed residential property at Bay Street Corridor of Yonge and Gerrard Street intersection, this rejuvenation of the Eaton Chelsea Hotel will house 3 building towers for residential, hotel and retail purposes. With the aim to be at the pinnacle of urban renewal development projects, Chelsea Green Projects developed by Great Eagle Holdings and designed by architect Alliance is set for completion in the year 2022.

A Closer look at paradise

With the stature of the shortest tower currently standing 49 storeys high, the initial 30 storeys have been allocated to become the refurbished new Eaton Chelsea Hotel while the other two towers ambition to be both 88 storeys tall, along with a retail space south of the towers. The project boasts of a public park, a green wall, as well as a glass canopy onto Elm Street. Once completed, the Chelsea Green Condos project shall boast of 2135 residential units segregated into 1314 one bedroom, 416 two bedrooms and 115 three or more-bedroom suites. Parking shall be available at the five floors of underground parking while 2446 bicycle slots shall also be boarded. With a walk score of 100/100, spacious 46,812 sq. ft. and 26005 sq. ft. of outdoor and indoor area respectively, this luxurious condominium is also complemented by hotels, restaurants, bars, lounges and theatres for your leisure and comfort. Being situated at a prime downtown location has its added perks as various city landmarks preside in close proximity to the Chelsea Green Project. Engage yourself with the best theatre experience at Imagine-Carlton Cinema and Cineplex Cinemas, or shop till you drop at the CF Toronto Eaton Centre.  With options like these, being spoilt for choice is an amateur’s game. 

Get your dream house today!

The upcoming Green Condos Development will showcase living royally and is at ease for prices beginning at $400,000 CAD, guaranteeing Heaven on Earth at the comfort of your home. Great Eagle Holdings leave no stone unturned to welcome you to the home that you desire. The elevation of the apartments gift you the view of the beautiful skylines of Toronto. The mixed ownership allows a taste of every demographic. This is the residential master piece in the hub of the city. Transport for navigating beyond the city is conveniently located with a TTC bus stop moments away; the subway station on Dundas Street is a walk’s distance and gives motorists the Gardiner Expressway to explore other adventures at further areas, locatable by travelling south along Longe Street. Letting loose in College Park is at reach as well. Other major arterial roadways are no more at an uncomfortable distance by hopping onto the onramp. Great Eagle Holdings,recognized as Hong Kong’s leading Development Company and top International portfolios, lives up to its name. Aiming of developments and projects at evolving parts of cities gives residents an experience like no other. Come, take a step forward to a place where the grass is surely greener.

 
Chelsea Green
33 Gerrard St W,
Toronto, ON M5G 1Z4