Looking for a place for your office? Want to start a family but can’t find your ideal house?

Developed by Allie Properties 7 RioCan, Kingly Condos is the place you would want to invest in. This new, upscale, luxurious residential complex is being constructed at 620 King Street W. in the Fashion District of Toronto. HarririPontanini Architects are the masterminds behind this magnificent project as they will be designing Kingly Condos.  The construction will be over by summer 2019. Kingly Condos, still in the stage of pre-constructions, is made up of two towers. The first tower will be 14 stories and will have one floor for retail outlets. The other floors will be used for office purpose only. The other tower, with a height of 15 stories, will be a residential complex. The number of units is said to be around 130. Kingly Condos Floor Plans includes an overhead pedestrian walkway, connecting the 4th floor with of the proposed office unit to the rooftop. It can be used by office employees. This is what makes Kingly Condos unique and elegant.

What else does Kingly Condos offer?

The kingly Condos proposal includes 50 units. There are supposed to be 50 one bedroom units, 2 one bedroom plus den, 39 two-bedroom dwellings;,14 two-bedroom plus den, 9 three bedroom suites; and 2 three-bedroom plus den units.  The indoor amenity space will be around 5,425 sp-ft. Where the outdoor space is said to be around 1,119 soft, including a small terrace.  Though amenities are yet to be determined, all the indoor amenities will be present on the 1st, 2nd and rooftop. Kingly condos will have 113 parking spots, out of which 84 spots are commercial use and 29 for the residents of the building.  It will be at a 3 level underground garage, where parking will be available for all buyers who purchase a two bedroom flat over 650 sqft. There will be woonerfs and lanes, which will be surrounding the entire building, helping residents as well as employees to navigate through the building. They will be constructed using red bricks, a characteristic feature of Kingly Condos. Kingly Condos is going to grace the streets of Toronto very soon and you can be a part of it.

Want to know more about this chic, upscale neighborhood which you can be a part of?

Kingly Condos has a lot to offer. With a walk score of 99/100 and a transit score of 100/100, it harbors several luxuries nearby. There are schools as well as different shopping centers, parks, theatres near Kingly Condos. Carr Street, Victoria Square Park, Clarence Square Park are the ideal place to be if one wants to take a stroll and take in some fresh air. Kingly Condos caters to a large demography. From couples to growing families, it takes care of the needs of everyone who is ready to invest in it. Kingly condos is a golden opportunity for buyers as well as investors. According to the Kingly Condos Price List, bid starts from mid $ 300,000. So what are you waiting for? Register now in order to get updates about Kingly Condos.

 
Kingly Condos
620 King St W,
Toronto, ON M5V 1M5
Phone: 647-952-1182